# Assignment-1
3 maps and 2 paragraphs

ii)  

All three of the maps project a unique visual of specific data. The first map represents all 311 complaints in NYC, this encompasses things like noise complaints, street trees, and illegal fireworks. This map is visualized with a gradient so you are able to see which area has the most complaints based on the darkness of the color. As well as the opposite; it shows which areas have little to no complaints as seen by the lack of color or light coloration. However, we are particularly interested in illegal firework complaints. Which is not specifically shown on map 1. Illegal firework complaints via 311 calls are shown in map 2. This representation of fireworks follows the same principals as map 1 in terms of the gradient. This map allows us to see where illegal fireworks occur the most and the least. Map 3 depicts the percentage of the illegal fireworks that are accounted for within all of the various 311 complaints. This map is very specific and depicts the various concentrations of 311 calls based solely on illegal fireworks. This can show that the majority of 311 calls happening in the southwestern region of map 3 are related to illegal fireworks. This is important data to be visualized because it allows us to develop trends and patterns of illegal firework usage. Now that the data trends are visual, we can pinpoint specific zip codes where illegal fireworks are most likely to take place.   

iii) 

This data visualization could be improved by depicting specific values for the percentages of 311 complaints that were about illegal fireworks. The gradient scale can be misleading with only 5 shades/intensities of red. Furthermore, the map could have labels of places or the boroughs. This can be useful especially when the consumer/user of the map is colorblind and may struggle to interpret the data on any of the maps. The data could be more truthful and insightful by increasing the amount of gradient to create more specific brackets rather than letting the darkest color on the legend encompass 4-50. 
